Hey everyone so as you may know we had our first ever live show on June
fifth it willingly. It was made and a source. So we hung
out with you first ever women's podcast festival and the drone green space in New York City.
We had freedom balloons like the rabbit I think the loans that filled out another round Yeah although instead of
being like you know Robin Dikshit Yes we did a great it great it Robin Thicke saloon.
Anyways. This is the condensers and you can watch the full two hours on the full two hours you can watch the
hour ish at Bussey dot com slash another round where we've imbedded the video you get to
watch as interview rectangle A I love her so much Jack in the bag.
Every time I listen to going to hate side. I thought I did better than
I did you know look forward
to that yes but they're not saying that they want to
longer show this one is about our show because we love you are here the show you know.
Hi everyone I'm haven't. I'm Tracy and welcome to another round with haven't
seen the
ad
Here's the one I will dance as long as there's music that I don't know.
So we're very excited to be here thank you so much to double N.Y.C. for doing
this when podcasting conference means a lot to us and we are like very appreciative of our
space in the pop casting world. Yes. But obviously we are here for women. Yes I'm confident
because I mean when I'm on the Large Man I hear
however I want to go start out that hard but shit. Let's do it then oh we should go
HAM already yourself
get the truth you want so good oh my God I think you dollars
Tracy's shirt says the pity on him I didn't like I feel like I
should preface the
show the same way. Keegan Michael key presses the White House Correspondents' Dinner.
Hold on to your lily white
but I would also like to say in reference to that shared I felt I'd.
As an uppity
negro when I may add
China looks a little bit because OK All right you can say that you're going to hear this.
But yes you do not call me that is just
me anyway.
How dare you how are you feeling great about thank you just laying it was like shit
let me head up
agent said I gotta do.
All right we're going to fall so for you God said
that's so on this show we're going to do a little
bit quiz time and everything myself
maybe joke time which preceded a little bit literally all you're
here and we're going to do. In Iraq thing do you know who
I'm going to be back
another Let's get
started a few
weeks ago I did a little thing called Jason Bateman
quiz
where he's been played a lot of middle aged white dude. So I
was like Wow I bet I
could name can make up as many Jason Bateman names as he already has
yes yes I'm going to do that again. But for this crowd specifically.
So this little quiz is this a white dude who works at public
radio
or just some syllables I'm not together. Are
you ready
to I am so let me say that I've failed miserably at the dating they mostly is you know
OK less you would not have to be nice to me I'm a
big girl but I don't know anybody in public radio
so the I I mean all these with knowing Tracy's weaknesses as a true friend.
Public radio white dude name. Are you ready for this quiz Yes.
Which of these dudes is the real guy who works in public
radio. OK one step blotter.
Guy
Raz. Or Tobias
tards again and
that's that blob first Guy Raz will buy
a car bladder like a book. The L A T E
R OK not much big Iraq as Tobias tars
I'm going to say that the actual white guy is.
The second to second guy rat yes that
is correct.
Thank you for if you know I'm
around let's go another through my next question.
Zander hey
go sit Tyria Johnson.
Octavius
Edmund again
that's Vandar.
Hago the Tyrian Johnson. Octavius
Edmund said here you sound like a black
man is that Sirius is in the name of
sorrow itself is just.
I'm going to guess.
Dizzy and
or vendor Hago is incorrect to tear
is Johnson is a real
white man I work with whom
I am going to meet every Saturday
serious. All right
Tracy. Let's see let's see how you do on the
next month. We have Simon Scott.
Scott
Simon and Dick steamship
hero one.
Let's talk about Dick Cheney you know can you spell it can you get bored I can
use a nest C.E.I. and I have no idea how to use a new Clinton.
OK I'm going to. I am sixteen
things
done. All right the real answer is Scott Simon here is me than
it
did seem Shapiro is the name of the lobbying firm of the former House Speaker Dennis
Hastert
who was recently indicted by a federal grand jury.
Wow Well it's not a real white guy's name it's a combination of two
white chicks let me in for a question. OK. But I
saw that in The Washington Post as I got to put that in the quiz. I
thought that's how the comeback that
was going with Go. And it's
now become Horo castle. OK.
Kalo Carmex scale like the food kale like the food
or Calvin Cade I had so much from
the White people
love right.
I feel like they named their child to kill.
Yes I'm going to go with Kayla I feel like the words of my dad was like one day be a big
thing on the ocean.
He sees a racy.
Hot Girl. Tracy get it together. All right you have one of
the six Greg hacking
Hort hanner Sherburne SERP.
Or David
Folkenflik one more time later I was out on
a great I got how can a heart.
Tanner Sherburne
Sir David Folkenflik. OK
I feel very confident that when it's great whatever you
say it is not right some is right for your brother.
It is David Folkenflik.
Tanner
Sherburne sir IS THE BEST THING I'VE EVER. Out of my
life the
past year began three for you
were you putting about in a free one right though you got one out of five.
I think. Ladies and gentleman Tracy put the number down
for
the
balance pretty sad. I'd rather
not another tearing up a little bit because I'm sure that poor
performer just getting in my face though.
So what time of the trees. Well according to my watch that I'm not wearing.
I
think stray sees
Joe
thank
you
I have them I don't mess with
red yellow OK then I go I just and I never have a country see
the night really
late so. There is gas
right guys named Bob Bob had to take.
Bob take the pig to live in area one day that name is Durham about that I
know that nobody was up in their own green
space yet. So the guy
walked in with the painting that it was like sleeping right so he puts it on the table. Bob's like
that I don't know what's wrong with my period has been sleep for a long time. He hadn't eaten in
days a don't know what's wrong with them help me out
and Jerome looked at the pig and he's like oh
wow I'm sad to tell you but your pig is no longer with us he he he's dead he's
obviously dead you that he has moved
in why you use
the I'm just telling the story OK films
store and sell the house like nah nah it's gotta be something else going on like maybe
he's got the flu swine flu.
Perhaps yet Tracy.
The swine flu was a real disease that would have been a while ago.
Maybe it's just like I just can you can
you just look and see try to help my pig I love him very much and so dramas
like I did on the second. Drone leave comes back in with a retriever
a Labrador retriever. And he walks around the pig you know kind of sniffs at any kind of PA that is
a little
bit then he walks over to Jerome he looks at him and he barks twice and he gives him a sad look and
he walks out the room and your own words about me says Yeah I'm sorry but your pig
is dead and was like man maybe there's like he's like
a narcoleptic or he's got like a parasite. I don't know
somethin somethin has to be going on you gotta think my
pig drums like I'm in a very big
leagues steelies they're only speculating.
Because I get with the get the cat the same thing it's been the
SARS
disease they have a bit of this it is a lot the random thing like Oh I
met
it and miss it whatever in the
catwalk.
You can I can do
what I can do it they can walk over to the room he meows twice and he was either
I'm drums like listen
I have other lab customers because patients
see your pig is dead there's nothing I can do finally Bob like alright I guess
I'll just and now didn't want
to except it was a while you want to pay a fine go bury my pig.
I'm sorry guys dark. Life is dark
sometimes seven or eight don't do
this you know. How much do I owe you and your own says that of the eight
hundred dollars.
Bob is
like charge me eight hundred dollars to tell me that my pig. There was
an operation and it. In this is just
his truth is.
Your own to the little that would have been forty dollars without the lab report and the cat
scan
the
THANK THE because the last was the Dow
Not easy but you did
not really got a great.
Now for the moment you've all been waiting for another joke.
We are so unbelievably excited to have Roxanne get here with
us as
you already know Roxanne is the author of The New York Times best seller bad feminist the critically acclaimed novel and on
teen state a columnist at the butter which is the new vertical from the
toes to get
it you can basically find her writing the letter
that they got to try to get it
so
you can basically find her writing were all good writing and found she seriously written for everyone but in
addition to her prolific writing you know her from her prolific Twitter account.
She was even had our day where she lived her lover on a garden her love for
Channing Tatum and all collected things that we love. Please join me in welcoming
rocks and ages things
are
right
back after
they met while you were. I mean
hanging out I'm glad to be here. Oh is that what have you. We have a thousand
questions to ask. Let's start when you go back a bit. Oh
oh cat
scan the she said in the report. So
that the
labs don't know if they don't you swap them around the world I've got the
so I just need to know where you learned
that you make it up yourself and not that clever.
Ok I'm up for my good don't claim
that I'm glad I did that other level when
I made everybody. All right well. Well
differences aside I think we can
still get there that sounds like
everybody here knows all about you and what you do but we like to start every interview by
asking what do you do and
why. I am a connoisseur of Lifetime
movies
you know what I do I write and I write because for me writing is like breathing. It's
kind of self medication. So I write. Just because I can't imagine doing
anything else and I have a lot of opinions and apparently I feel the need to express
them
constantly My dad says you know you have a lot of opinion OK.
The fact that you know you have a lot
of
opinion as you are doing some
background research I didn't realize
you went to exit or Andy Yale. Do you feel like the
right to try a bit down low or into the street. Thank you
for the
blanks and like those sort of like higher education institutions prepared you for being
in
academia. No no yes yes and no they prepared me
for a little dealing with white
people speak on it you know the
Aka academia. Yes. So yeah that. Reguard Absolutely.
Mostly they prepared me to think for myself
because elite institutions there's
oftentimes a singular way they want you to think and I
refused and so it worked out pretty well and it certainly prepared me for how I want to teach
and how I don't want to
teach real. So you are
sort of in a pretty rare position where you had two books come out in the same year.
Time magazine called twenty fourteen the year Roxanne day which
is I have another book coming out about food. Can you tell us a little bit about that book.
Yes my next book is called hunger. It's theoretically coming out
in May or June twenty sixth seen. OK you're radically. And so I'm writing about learning
to cook late in life in part but it's memoir about obesity and what it's like to have a morbidly
obese body in this
world culturally where such bodies are oftentimes
treated in really degrading ways and so what does it mean to move through the world when your body doesn't fit anywhere.
And it's called
hunger you were tweeting about how the oppressive didn't
is of New York City kind of hedging on edge. Oh
God yes on it
I am telling
you these women where they're like ten inch heels and then they walk down the
sidewalk like
missiles that are like. Look I'm trying
to stay out of your way but I can't get myself I can't like be part of the
building I can only
walk through it. Yes. Is there some place where you feel the most
comfortable physically itself in your in your body like it feels like home and like
normally natural to
you not really but the Midwest. Definitely it's easier that
I went Oh yeah and you know you go to these cities and you realize
wow people in the Midwest are are healthy are yes that
was yes thirty folk that's. And then you come to the city and
it's like oh yeah. OK So you know it is hard to feel like comfortable and like you belong.
When you like to go to every event it's a bunch of like sin people wearing high high heels in tight jeans and it's
like just let your genitals
Griese pants are too tight What about the
babies that my need to come in and I know rightly I mean and I see so many men in really
tight dark denim and Nokia's I just think they're not going to reproduce
that way you have to free the testicles. So I was very free
to test the and so you
have a third book coming out and well a fourth book sorry and
I was talking to a book agent friend of mine and she was kind of suggesting she's.
That books especially memoir essays style books from women are
like kind of having a moment. Hold on hold
on I'm going to release an admission so I let me stop there are going to write
on her suggestion was
that it's annoying that you have to kind of phrase it that way but in
real terms. People are actually more and more interested in these kinds of
books do you feel like from your position. You see that in the publishing world or are
you not that hopeful. Take
you to fly or to sign my contract so I can see what I want.
Yeah I said yeah as the
back bad off you know I
think
that women are expected to bare their souls
and excavate their past and their present and their future and
that's what publishing is interested in this sort of cannibalizing of the
self and that men aren't expected to do the same the same things so I don't think we're having a moment I
think that we're just recognizing what has long been
true but that said that doesn't mean we don't have things worth telling and that are
necessary to tell and it's a question of how much agency you allow yourself to have
when you are pulling. From your life and writing memoir.
You know jesting women are apt to write memoirs more.
Yes absolutely. OK I think women are inordinately asked to write
memoir and not taken as seriously when we want to write.
Literary nonfiction investigative
nonfiction fiction or anything it's like the only thing we're allowed to
be authorities on is ourselves.
Yes you know as I said it I was like oh that's
good
I used to say I would never write memoir as a way of resisting that but
then it's like they when like because I'm controlling what I'm going to do to make a
point and they're continuing to just be ignorant and
so I've tried to find a happy compromise by working with
an editor who doesn't expect me to cannibalize who's like interested in what I actually have to
say how I choose to say it and that has been
wonderful Has anything surprised you by the way your work is talked about or maybe even the way
it's marketed.
Marketed know the marketing has been I feel really good. I'm really happy with the marketing
and I felt really involved in the entire process which is rare. But I felt really
lucky the way my work is talked about is hilarious to tell me all
right well. It depends. There's one line one line in
the
book and there's a group of women mostly who have picked up on this
line and will not let it go and I wrote about how I'm not super well versed
in feminist texts. So there's a group of people who feel like I should be able to talk
about. But I think if you read the book you realize that I quote.
Many feminist texts in the book so that was just like one line that people. I mean they're like
you don't know anything about feminism. OK take the Judas
Butler. And shove it up your ass
the
Falcon still on that note your Twitter
is amazing for a lot of different reasons. But one of my favorite things to watch you do is to just
like shit people down. With out and
capsule with with out
of your mama's a bitch and whatever happened and I just think
that quasi cop in the quiet beat my back if you will I will fight I will
do I went like my version of
the classic wetback you just mean like you're not smart and then like the conversation is over but you
just have like a finesse integrate in dislike. How do you not how you
engage in these
conversations because they can be physically and emotionally draining they're extremely Yeah you do
it a lot and well yeah like with like
call them and do you know that they are no i don't care if you don't
see it. Well it's a couple things like for a long time I said
nothing and I ignored the quote unquote trolls but I think you ignore and you ignore and they keep talking their
shit
and I'm tired of just like letting
you talk badly about me and all them incorrectly like when they just get
factual information wrong.
I have to say something but I also try to approach it from just a really
calm place of just you're an idiot but I'm going to tell you why in a really good way
and then go with that and I try not to curse too much
because my dad secretly reads my Twitter
feed Why Dad I think my mom read minds oh my
God Oh yeah like the latter night of the love of the pot
guess nobody told you guys. I
don't I don't tell them much
about my career but they follow like stockers And so last night my mom called and said
What store are told you to go find the lower priced items in the back. It was twenty minutes after
I had
tweeted and she's like your father told
me that yes
I. No he told you because she doesn't she respects my boundaries.
I'm
sorry the sixty nine thousand people following me can know what's going on Brad not you.
So I keep them in mind also when I'm on Twitter talking to these people like how would they want me
to
engage with the sort of negativity and they've always been
really good about standing up for themselves but also
taking not the high road but the strong road and so that
is also a great motivating motivating factor when I talk to these people.
Patti to said who to respond to and what conversations to engage in and which to ignore.
And even like even in your writing not just on Twitter. I feel like you are pretty topical
and that's pretty draining to respond to all the like racist shit sexist it whatever like whatever happened
that week to respond to it like how do
you decide. Depending on Twitter it just depends on my mood oftentimes
I'm just irritated so that's a great way to bring hope my you might do the same and I do it
and I do it
until my best friend. Tells me to stop one way or another like basically the boss
of me and so. Yes I have a boss sometimes
she'll just e-mail me stop or I'll be a text or hurdle between
like at the
moment but there was no one's wrong on the I don't
know I try
to respond to the things that I feel moved to respond to things that I feel I have something
valuable to say if I don't have something valuable or if I don't feel like I have enough
authority to do so then I just pass it by like.
I have a lot of opinions about Caitlin Jenner coming out and the way
she posed for Vanity Fair
and I know my lane so I can have opinions and I can discuss them with my
friends but I'm not going to write an essay about it I'm going to read and I'm primarily going to read what
other trans gender people have to say about it I really
appreciated but was very. Here there is
the interesting conversation. The Atlantic passive coats wrote about the militia
Harris Perry being America's foremost public intellectual when he wrote
that some people didn't respond worldwide people want to
think they were I think
this is likely by Norman Byers a political the media reporter. I'm actually writing have to worry about
that really good homes are you bring this up. Well I want to
ask you if you consider yourself a public intellectual because you kind of say that
the sort of you are really involved in media writing but you're also an
academic and you very purposely and pointedly say you want to have your
language be accessible and you're trying to blend high minded topics with sort
of accessible language.
Do you consider yourself a public intellectuals.
Not really but I know other people do and I realize that increasingly I'm seen
that way which I'm OK weighs I just see myself as a writer.
Well what are you writing about it I'm writing about the rise of the black public
intellectual yet a part
of my history
yeah yeah. Hopefully it's going to be a cover
story for a
magazine someone
in the I'm not used to have a lot of white
waiters that could be and
he's know all about your writing from all
of them. OK So I think we don't have that my time so I would
like to switch gears a little bit question I heard a rumor about a bad
feminist T.V. show and you yes or that are in talks with
some T.V. people about something. T.V. things are
are percolating
leave the part of the audience what they had sent me
and that's the thing I've learned about T.V. is that nothing is certain but I'm working
on three different show ideas and I'm trying to show the
right.
As soon as anything becomes definite trust you I'm going to keep the shit to
myself to be like hey you
know this is happening I'm so excited because I
like the people that. Oh my God I'm so
excited for me but I'm also excited for like six year old me who got picked on a lot.
Did you need any terrible actresses I'm available to them I guess. All
right so I really would like to uptick if I'm in with
you
doing well if it happens and that I don't think you know.
So we know about your love of shooting the magic
mike at that had you seen the black version of Magic my chocolate city.
I know it came out May twenty second yell This is a real movie the real
thing they want to say you know and I came out on it
was the first after all
Peter's chocolate city. Now that you know are you
interested in would you like to schedule a girls' night
with no
man yet
because I need to go see San Andreas tomorrow. That's just something that has
to happen but if you've seen the rock
lately. We're trying to have him on the show
I just want to bring him on and I will
fly here. When it happens.
He's just so yes ever since he started being in Fast and Furious the best show the best movie ever.
He's just so in his eyes and
then you know and we want somebody who was probably his next head yesterday and I
can get
his chest and then he does a little thing
that gives me you know he's a freak you know me oh.
I can come and come in big enough you know he just takes the woman or
man and send them away. And then like pops them
on another runs around the room. Sometimes you
just need to be thrown around I heard. I mean we're all mothers because my mother if I
can be you know myself but if
he threw me up against this wall he could have the front
of
everyone we may
need a refill in the magic of as this bears just
skyrocketed. The first is that you know you're
wealthy and you aren't very good at learning. Oh we need a lesson and help
me interest we desperately
need to have that and like
a queer woman you have like different strategies for different types of folks and I definitely do.
Yeah definitely are basic you know with men I have
no game
with men I'm just like. Let's do
it and that usually works right. Yeah he said he does not know
but I find that men
are generally easier but with men I never know when they're interested in me. I'm just like.
You really have to spell it out like spell literally you have to put it on a fine to be
like that and
that's when I'll be like OK with women.
Women are complicated little creatures is not true that men are simple but it's true it's
true like women have to have game and so
I try to play the long game and just like years about
your lawn. Very
well you know I'm like all about the romance and the
little surprises let's do some nice things and let's go walk through this park
and oh
yes the women's bottoms are here for
a paranoid outing
Now
for those looking at the US haven't is a mighty has got to hold a
thousand Yes it is a word that gives our saddles.
If you
could read and write a lot of erotica. She did no writing I would have
to bring that up. No you don't write for
me it is to make you think it's only imagine that you're
amazing at it because I am amazing at
it alone.
I want to ask you a pretty simple question What are your least favorite and most favorite
words for a man's penis.
I can start off my least favorite is member.
I'm never here for you never remember Rod. Oh
holy
pasted
coffee to her balloon so I know everywhere for those for
those who can cannot see what happened. We have some balloons that fell out another round in the you
could not
take it he was like nah bro I'm out. I'm out he's
done so the US government he was
God I like cock you like I
do I
mean the last word the word of the word
up there were some
here for cause let me pull
the old way you are WAY. Never ever in my life heard black
women say they are pro the wired cause I'm the
brown great race and what is your
excuse because different than any of the right to have an excuse I just like
cock right. To me lately that with no kind or
well
known remarks just like comics are that hard
and what's not the
lottery way can I can I list and favorite of mine that word warble erotica when they refer
to it as he also writes
a
LOL when I say
that right.
Had a my mom is
watching T.V. does not write erotica. On
her and I'm writing a one county one and only one character. And then
when I'm back OK I think you're missing.
The one they just they like his
stag
do that you know I generally stick to Dick or cock in my writing. I
mean you're not there for the that you're there for like how he uses
it right and so that's where I spend my creative
actually
Watterson like erotica tropes you could like do without. Oh
god woman is kidnapped own fall in love with her kidnapper. Now.
Not
that I always hate unrealistic slick physically unrealistic
sex scenes like that to this day I'll never forget I read a submission once for an erotic anthology
and a man was on a an escalator going up and he was fucking a woman on the step
above him on
the escalator you were lying and think about it and I really did
and where can I find it right here and his dick would have been this
long you were just shown the entire link of
Roxie
Foster which sounds very uncomfortable.
Depends on how I
use it a little high on
that note to
self
and then you got me here we got a raw puppy all
you want we are two parks that go on forever Didn't our producers had
a
rapid fire.
I think it's time for a little thing we call a drunken
debate. So it's
not going to base if you don't know Logan like to play.
We throw a bunch of random items into a bowl this time we solicited answers
from Twitter so these are all
Twitter suggest I'll put aside actions that are going to be too random correct to
really to mount two minutes each even though I am been to the game I have
lost every round.
I was going to mention that I am the reigning it's not my candidate. I wasn't even gonna say that
but since you brought it up I would like point out that I am undefeated.
Misc rocksand we are in would you like to be our official judge we're going on the
robbery abates OK So each round you choose the
winner who rams it for Tad there will be a tab right there. What if I already know the winner.
Do you know why you got here today.
What do you want to sound like to
officiate what is now I got a problem and I got it OK you got a
huge year both sides. Chatted to diseases and the
suspects were gone to the ball guide right
General. Thanks.
Oh my gosh you guys are amazing when you get I have
the power of
slight damage.
What you got Tracey what is better than the power of flying.
I tell you what better. Motherfucker.
That
is that when I got
that goddamn Sandra Lee Kwanzaa
K. you
like kidding me right now you are
joking. All right I'ma go back to Friday I found out who
suggested leaving gentleman can we get two minutes on the
web. Is there anybody here who was not familiar with Sandra Lee Kwanzaa cake for the
record Saundra Lee's Kwanzaa cake somehow he's a person. On the food channel got a cooking
show that I later found out and one day she did not make a Kwanzaa cake.
Let me see what this woman
is that said the call for
you see. So she says in angel food cake pre-made they make it a
little food you know that bouncy shit like myself love very spongy and actually they're usually one
great she took it when I
am captain have been handy. She had like some kind of cocoa cinnamon
that Meg from thin but in the middle. They put that on she takes a can
of Apple for that in the middle of the hall. All right cool whatever I can maybe still
get with
this stick some candles in it read like a green of course that it's
quiet in this be
sprinkled acorns and pumpkin seeds and
pumpkin seeds.
Yes there's just so you all know what the fuck this on making money to pay for this our hero. OK
So like I am arguing
for Sandra Levy
one K. We have no men at
all Matlock young I think we want to we want to
start All right let's start the clock
young so the power of light let me tell you about the power of light. If I
ever wanted a superpower. I would
just appear in different locations it's all I want to do the power
of
flight is like the one thing.
No regular human can do that I would want to do that is like.
Great for literally any situation.
You're trying to get out of
something you're like oh sorry I'm already in Brooklyn
and you're trying to get into something you're like
oh shit my friends parties Manhattan. I'm going to go solve all your
location problems and
then it's great for. Hookups.
You're just like fly over handle. He even said that great for work where
you're like I'm not I'm like I want to go from work to home
directly and I think about all the time. Where's our Harry Potter
technology where we can operate somewhere and waiting. But for now I'll take the
power fully alright cool you can slack big deal
if you know thank you we don't you we don't need any of this. Oh.
You can
laugh. I get this cool. You say back to the
great
pottery series we didn't take it. Everything you
meet we have Kwanzaa celebration
right. It's got the must like
and this is you've got
the candles because you know it is that day it's like oh
mojo Pallies guy you've got to like a candle lit single moms and
a guy like you can as you're with your family and God is like black
and beautiful and shining in the candle light in his
eye you look you still love that when right lane and I like. Fonz
I never want to share the corn sunflowers I don't mind a well you had a
new
time's up
Bishes here. Your
verdict. Oh
girl.
That's all right. No heaven. I mean is this a two thousand and
four film featuring several members of the take and he just
got up and that's one.
I'm not gonna lie
I when I write that I just learned about that kick a couple months ago and there's a youtube
video where she made you hate it. It's the stupidest thing I've ever seen in my life all the
love of her heart can't live in interesting and she meant it and the four minutes are a
huge girly candle
and like does
the not even little birthday cake. The
big candelabra candles OK I'm a fan who suggested the
damn Kwanzaa
Kate says I'm a girl sorry
I the power of
invisibility was the power.
Yes bitch I feel to you let's go.
So you know if you went first
last round right. All right two minutes on the
Coleco bitch. Listen. Feeling down the back end of you
feel no way. Whatever I have many days when I wake up and one was like you know what I just feel like
road out whatever like my hair
is ashy my bellies like hanging over my whatever you know want to do good
in a cloud they get at them pumps put them on just right around my
house but there's something about the way a high heeled
shoe like
it distributes out like your womanly parts in my swap into stuff on this way
and that way and fail. Bam Bam
bail is it mobilises a is I miss your man your woman your lady. If you
watch porn chances are you're really into high heeled shoes. You know it was you
that you bad there man I'm comfortable make no logical sense whatever you K. While can
I'm but that's fine because walking is not what you bought
into
alright. Listen. OK I assure you I hear you.
Listen I know I'm wearing heels ring now. Oh interesting to note. Interesting.
I already read I put it out but I mean for the
most part most women don't want to wear heels because it's not uncomfortable literally no one has
somehow managed to like capture like a comfortable heel situation there are
all manner of trouble and true this is not true and oh what you
remember when you cut
me off with this man. So I don't like leaving you see him before I get in
it so not only are they mad I'm comfortable. You have to like.
Trip over yourselves like exist in them.
Let me talk to you about the power of being
invisible. Let me tell you about all the conversations you read here
not all the business plans you can overhear all the friendship plans you can
overhear not is on its heels used to be. There are women who enjoy them you can walk in them if you can't walk in the you don't
have to walk in them right out of my butt and then that would mean that you
put up
with the
thank
you in the power of invisibility right Roxanne we're going to be easy to put down a verdict.
Well I appreciate the look of a woman in a good heel. But
incontrovertibly a racy one
just the right time
for that break Iran program for no.
Ari I have diva
club
for how many women here use diva good question.
Well maybe five maybe Who are those who don't know a Diva Cup is like the alternative
version of a tampon or Pad but it's a Cup It's a cup if you insert and badges
up and you have to take out in public.
Roxanne
white one Monday. That's the way I bleed.
OK I had a
particular piece.
A few minutes on
the clock. I'm not going to go. All right we're going to talk about even listen
to how kind of annoying
it underwhelming how much women are like afraid to even buy tampons and pads
in like a fucking regular ass grocery store. Anchored by shit.
Can I live a pretty I'm an adult
but the diva thing the Diva Cup.
You only need to buy like not as often as a fucking tampon
or con It costs way less money super environmentally friendly
and
like I know like a white feminists have like.
Put a monopoly on like being in tune with your period hassling you
slow to like you guys like you did like they did not have a
monopoly on that shit it's like this is our body you're like going to be comfortable with like being like oh I
can take out a Diva Cup unlikely. I want to reach inside of myself in a public
place in a probably half is quite enough small bathroom stalls are exciting.
I have a friend who said to me and I quote I try to be the club and I had to give
birth to
that it's in the bag it's like a
plant that's all the hard serving. I mean many are going
to rebel. Do you want to go if you can get it out if you gotta go to
the doctor every cent to get it at that half light of mine. Let me tell you about
Tyler's horrible pallor start corrected.
Hi Larry Birkhead and the children.
How do
you love children I want to daven children
my self but I don't want to have them different story anyway.
Toddlers are just so young and Q were in the door a bull their own marred by
the awful shit in the world. I had a look at you need
argument. Oh but you drew the
MacOS
he looked up our mad inconvenient. You have to watch it I get the boil over
the I'm alright are a verdict.
The sound right there wasn't even close. You know. Tracy you
want. Go ahead
of me when I can tell
I
understand you are a
formidable opponent.
I'm talking about you to make you feel
better. You only get the
buyer around I'm so excited.
All right if you look in the pockets regularly you know this is where we buy a round
for someone something some noun some
Whatever interesting like taking away. Ilya so I am
buying around for hyenas.
What.
Humi up
pacifically female Highness
OK I believe if you follow the old way then you already know this rant because I went on it a while
ago but I believe that hyenas get a bad rap because of the Lion
King week they were assholes in a movie.
They was trying to kill Simba baby
Simba in the wild is like you know
under scar control they can think for themselves you know whatever and they were just like whatever.
OK hyenas not that you would want to pet hyena they're very vicious.
You know whatever whining is the first ever saw America really what did you think of pine
is that the sound was like
I'm like well I was like all the all so Michael B.
Goldberg
Pinus down a leg would be over that would be a mag full stop. So why do you wanna buy laughing
I'm buying
rounds for hyenas because they live in a matriarchal society.
I don't know let me tell you about hyenas sign right. I mean that money is
oh the women the women the females the women whatever their larger than
the males are typically doesn't happen in any species the female they they run
shit they ran shit hyenas have developed what is called a.
Pseudo penis. Go on.
OK It's like it's basically like in in a long gated quick right.
And this is due to high levels of testosterone. I have I really like animals. OK
I like animals alas a radical I am is but they have such high levels of
testosterone that they basically
like they have like a fake penis right in the middle when it comes time to mate.
They they have to submit to them like instantly even if there's a male that's bigger than the female they
submit doesn't match.
All the way and already already
been know
the anatomy of the I think this in a stallion
is such that they're basically right proof right. So
like they're animals and no I'm sorry just hang in there with me there are some animals
like ducks ducks are heartless
rapists they are the dolphins right there's a rabbit in the animal
kingdom not in the hyenas though. Here's
why because they also have pseudo Rotem pseudo
testes that like they have to get in a certain position for for the male to copulate with them.
Listen if that is not consistent.
I don't know what
is yet to be like OK I approve of you physically fine.
I approve of like your submission than I have to do
whom I don't know what position they have to get in with if that happens but they have to make an effort for
any copulation to happen otherwise then I mean they also
Also if the sex is wack they attack him.
So
they have to have all the sexual power and so like their entire society is
based on women with the when the one has a want to get their own that's it.
That was a journey.
I have my high. It would be like my right.
OK. Well I can't beat the
game but I'm going to buy a round for my husband which one.
Channing
Tatum
he's just so great for she's the
man all the way for
people that love the economy
and yet like in the preview the trailer
for Magic Mike when he's like holding the steel
rod sparks or ejaculate ing from the because
he's making furniture because that's his true
dream is the actual plot as many I've seen
it was actually physically The There's no plot of Magic Mike the plot is that men take
off their
clothes and so everything else bang bang. Everything else
is just time until men take off their clothes but Channing is just so happy all
the time and he has a net zero it's just
like one of
my teeth into it and then he sends emails with a lot of exclamation
points as the Sony leaked taught us.
I love this you appreciate a man I
do I appreciate a lot about him. Luke and his thighs and his abdomen
and his he's just face he's like a blank slate and we just project our desire
on to him and he amplifies it with his greatness.
I feel like you're writing erotica right now you know I love him.
It's
like I'm really actually weird how much I love chatting and I'm really lucky that I'm
supported in this place and
I can tell you that.
OK so I'm going to buy a round for my
Oh and for Tracy.
Crazy does this thing
on Twitter calling up
emotionally to do the same. Maybe
this thing on Twitter called Just one thing and it's like
her little hash tag
and I feel like for the longest time I just one thing was call a
psychiatrist but I couldn't call psych I just thought calling a therapist because most people are like
you have to have. The therapy to do the drugs but I was like No I mean the drugs to do
this very P.S. if you would like a long
journey and I'm just so I'm trying to cry as you know
my
God I'm proud of myself going
to cry. I'm going to cry. I can't you know don't
cry. The family you know but
our air. OK sign it says. Honestly this event
couldn't have come at a worse time for a person who did it but I still did it
anyway i'm so proud of
learning
Yes
thank God that if you feel
like every day. Tracy is
like everything's going to be
OK in a genuinely makes me feel
better
yet read only I can hear you are lollies you
are my little head. Yes OK
thanks for all right I'm for real not time no no Friday. It's a ballad these girls I want
these
I didn't know but for real for real Self care is not
just like a thing we talk about it's like a real saying in our
lives we check in every day everyday elling what he needs or yeah
a round of drinks on
me on W. And when you see the class
and for all of ya'll Well like I
really
thank you.
Thank you guys OK now that I have the tears
LIVE FROM I
see it right. Yeah
or
you would like to get so many shout out to such a shot I forgive you and might be in the woman pond
cause all you want to be in your own ass Pod concert we really want to unite and like in Iraq
and like how we actually do the shows a like one point for us we want more women to
be part got one nice
night you want to ensure that we do have this thing when it happened
that Franken shouted Gen Y. and a one time thing that W N Y C Great
were
hacked right Kyra. The fact that we really want to give a special shout out to the staff at
the green space including Jennifer
the Jerome L. greenspace ROM Elves on earlier the
lab report was
the
last you have so you'll get it
later everyone involved in Jerome al green space and Jennifer Sandro
and Ricardo
Fernandez
Yan town hall
for providing I'm ready to give me that was a
timely good down so I can live like we are long yeah we would love to
have chocolate and Irwin a note of Riesling a special big shot of the
pod why I said that list then in the past by the way that our production team.
You know I fireman the
airline pilot Mary Kay and you know how in like
high school in college they made you do all these fuckin conventions for like group projects and you're
like fuck this shit I did although I don't know I'm working on the ol me. But this is like
a rare moment where like a group project is actually making the
whole entire project better.
So you may just Manfred not exist none of us and you should never think of another. Around as just me and
Tracy and where absolutely have to think Julia for a long
and Eleanor
Kagan way. This
is we were not on the stand at
all I want is
really
more like to give a special shout out to Chris Ridder. At Buzz Feed for
doing all of our
graphic look this is the
man Preston all. And great and
on welfare all the music the music the music that was created.
Yes yes. Jean Grey. Absolutely and to
the dream.
Oh
the heaven for being a great girl probably going
to write the
ad libbing and a thousand other places that would have given you a
little anything that laughs. Yeah thanks for
listening
to her my horn is a
little example versus the economic choice.
It's just that the fact that we
have access to the pop up just the
way the melamed most of it locked up the
world economy
on.